Question 1
In your role as a data professional, you examine a dataset of taxi rides to determine which hour of the day typically has the highest demand. Under which discipline does this example best fall?
Data analysis
Question 2
Fill in the blank: A _____ encompasses the various elements that interact with one another in order to produce, manage, store, organize, analyze, and share data.
A data ecosystem encompasses the various elements that interact with one another in order to produce, manage, store, organize, analyze, and share data

Previous
Play
Next
Rewind 10 seconds
Move forward 10 seconds
Unmute
0:03
/
0:15
Full screen
Brainpower
Read More
When building data into business strategy, why is it important to include insights from subject-matter experts? Select all that apply.
Their experience and human intuition are valuable to data-driven decision-making.


They can review analysis results and help identify inconsistencies.
An e-commerce website collects, observes, and analyzes its customers' online behaviors. Then, it uses the insights gained to choose when to put certain products on sale. What business practice does this describe?
Data-driven decision-making
Question 1
Fill in the blank: Analytical skills are the qualities and characteristics associated with using _____ to solve problems.
facts
Question 2
An acquaintance tells you that they spend many hours each day "playing." To learn more, you ask them whether they play sports, a musical instrument, or something else. Their answer helps you clarify the meaning of their statement. What does this scenario describe?
Understanding context
Which analytical skill involves the ability to break things down into smaller steps and work with them in an orderly and logical way?
Technical mindset
Fill in the blank: The analytical skill _____ encompasses how someone organizes information.
data design

Fill in the blank: Analytical thinking involves _____ a problem, then solving it by using data in an organized, step-by-step manner.
identifying and defining
Question 2
What type of data visualization might an analyst create in order to communicate data insights to others? Select all that apply.
Graph
chart
map
While planning a roadtrip, you figure out all of the specific stops you need to take along the way. You also consider how often you'll stop for gas, meals, and sleep. Having this information enables you to execute your plan. What does this scenario describe?
Detail-oriented thinking
Question 4
What is a method for examining and evaluating how a process works currently in order to get to an improved future state?
Gap analysis



Glossary terms from module 1
Terms and definitions for Course 1, Module 1
Analytical skills: Qualities and characteristics associated with using facts to solve problems

Analytical thinking: The process of identifying and defining a problem, then solving it by using data in an organized, step-by-step manner

Context: The condition in which something exists or happens

Data: A collection of facts

Data analysis: The collection, transformation, and organization of data in order to draw conclusions, make predictions, and drive informed decision-making

Data analyst: Someone who collects, transforms, and organizes data in order to draw conclusions, make predictions, and drive informed decision-making

Data analytics: The science of data

Data design: How information is organized

Data-driven decision-making: Using facts to guide business strategy

Data ecosystem: The various elements that interact with one another in order to produce, manage, store, organize, analyze, and share data

Data science: A field of study that uses raw data to create new ways of modeling and understanding the unknown 

Data strategy: The management of the people, processes, and tools used in data analysis

Data visualization: The graphical representation of data

Dataset: A collection of data that can be manipulated or analyzed as one unit 

Gap analysis: A method for examining and evaluating the current state of a process in order to identify opportunities for improvement in the future

Root cause: The reason why a problem occurs

Technical mindset: The ability to break things down into smaller steps or pieces and work with them in an orderly and logical way

Visualization: (Refer to data visualization) 













Description
The qualities and characteristics associated with solving problems using facts

Skill
Analytical skills




Description
The analytical skill that involves breaking processes down into smaller steps and working with them in an orderly, logical way

Skill
A technical mindset




Description
The analytical skill that involves how you organize information

Skill
Data design





Description
The analytical skill that has to do with how you group things into categories

Skill
Understanding context





Description
The analytical skill that involves managing the processes and tools used in data analysis

Skill
Data strategy
